# When The Crow Sings Repository Rules
1. Work out of ONLY your own branch and update it from main consistently. Never work out of main. This ensures everyone is up to date.
2. Do NOT make any merges if you have conflicts unless you know for sure which changes in the same scene you are ok with overwriting from one branch. Please create pull requests of everything changed and wait for them to be reviewed rather than pushing to main directly.
3. If you do not have a branch make a new one based off of main. If you make multiple branches (for different features, for example), please number them. For example, "Name_[BranchNumber]_Feature"
4. Descriptions and titles of each pull request should be in-depth and describe all changes made. You can copy and paste these descriptions into #github-status whenever you are done.
5. Make sure you are not working in the same scene as anyone.
6. Artists please use organized naming conventions when it comes to meshes and their materials. Also organize all of these accordingly.
7. Designers make prefabs of anything that is used more than once/has a script attached to it and keep them in _Prefabs folder.
8. Programmers keep all scripts in the Scripts folder and mark any new plugins/systems that are implemented in case they cause problems down the road.


If an autogenerated input script is giving you trouble, try deleting the duplicate in the "scripts" folder.





(Temporary storage for programming notes, move to a better document later)

- Signals are named Signal_WhatTheSignalIsFor
  - To distinguish signals that are meant for "general" events (i.e. where we don't care which thing caused the signal, just that it happened SOMEWHERE) use Signal_Global_WhatTheSignalIsFor
